This page allows you to view a list of current and past timesheets.
At the top of the page is the Active Timesheets dropdown.
You can use this to toggle a list of all active timesheets that have the status of INUSE, SUBMITTED, or APPROVING.
This page also allows you to create a new Timesheet by clicking the Create Timesheet icon.
For detailed instructions on how to use this feature, refer to the Time - Dashboard Page video.
Finally, at the bottom of the page is the Completed Timesheets dropdown menu.
This menu displays an aggregated list of all completed timesheets.
This is useful for historical purposes or if you need to edit a previously completed timesheet.
The most common timesheet statuses for completed timesheets are EXTRACTED (finalized timesheet) and CORRECTED (updated by an admin, requiring your edits).
Editing a submitted timesheet follows the same process as editing a new one.
For details on editing a timesheet, refer to the Time - Current Page video.
Note that modifying an approved timesheet will reset its approval status, requiring resubmission.